[15.0][MIG] analytic_partner: Migration to version 15.0 (#573)
OCA/account-analytic: analytic_partner/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

To configure this module, you need to:

> #.  Go to **Setting > Users > Groups** and check that
>     your user has the "Show Full Accounting Features" and
>     "Analytic Accounting" access rights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to **Setting > Users > Groups**.
#. Search "Show Full Accounting Features".
#. Make sure your user is included in such group.
#. Do the same for "Analytic Accounting" group.
```

To configure this module, you need to:

#.  Go to **Setting > Users > Groups**.
    Search "Show Full Accounting Features".
    Make sure your user is included in such group.

>     Do the same for "Analytic Accounting" group.

Reviewer 2: Are these supposed to numbered bullets?

Reviewer: Yes, I put them that way: https://github.com/OCA/account-analytic/pull/573#discussion_r1286618068

Why removing them, @stefan-tecnativa ?

Author: I hadn't paid attention to it, sorry.

Reviewer: Still incorrect, as there are too much spaces in between.
